boards native_sim: Deprecate CONFIG_NATIVE_APPLICATION & CONFIG_NATIVE_SIM_NATIVE_POSIX_COMPAT (#81232)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.1.rst

Architectures
*************

* native/POSIX

>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NATIVE_APPLICATION` has been deprecated. Out of tree boards which
>     use this option should migrate to use the native_simulator as their runner (:github:`81232`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NATIVE_APPLICATION` has been deprecated. Out-of-tree boards using
    this option should migrate to the native_simulator runner (:github:81232).
```

  * For the native_sim target :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NATIVE_SIM_NATIVE_POSIX_COMPAT` has been
    switched to ``n`` by default, and this option has been deprecated. Ensure your code does not

>     use anymore on the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOARD_NATIVE_POSIX` option (:github:`81232`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOARD_NATIVE_POSIX` option anymore (:github:`81232`).
```
